# Registering a Trusted Application in Skype for Business Online

Each Trusted Application must be registered against the Skype for Business Online Platform Service.  There are two registration steps for a Trusted Application against Skype for Business Online:

1. Registration of the ApplicationID: this step is completed by the ISV or Developer

1. Registration of the Trusted Application Endpoint: this step is completed by the end Customer (Tenant Admin)


Each registration step has an appropriate API, Powershell script, or UI to perform registration. 

>TAP/Pre-release NOTE: In the current release, we do not have registration experiences or APIs available, so we will manually register the below information.  If you have not already, please send the following information to your Skype for Business TAP contacts.

## Register an Application ID 

1. As a developer, to register your Service Application in Skype for Business Online, you must provide the following information:

   a. Application id (also known as a client id), AppID URI. Both of these values are generated by the Azure app registration steps.

   b. A name to identify your application within Skype for Business Online 

2. When a customer tenant wants to use your application, they have to do the following:

   a. Obtain tenant admin consent, using application permissions.



## Register Tenant-specific Trusted Application endpoints with Skype for Business Online.
A tenant administrator must explicitly grant consent to allow your application to access tenant data using the Trusted Application APIs. The consent process is a browser-based experience that requires the tenant admin to sign into the Azure AD consent UI and review the access permissions that your application is requesting, and then grant or deny the request 


- Information from step 2.a in the previous section: application id (also known as client id), AppID uri

- A name of your application within Skype for Business Online

- The Tenant ID of the tenant where you are registering a trusted application endpoint.

- Sip Uri that identifies the tenant specific endpoint for the application. Requests sent to this endpoint will trigger the Trusted Application API sending an event to the application, indicating that someone has sent a request.

- Callback uri for Trusted Application API, to POST events to the applications

### Additional information
Read about [Skype for Business Online Scope Permissions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/skype/ucwa/skypeforbusinessonlinescopepermissions) to learn more about permissions.  

See Tenant Admin Consent or the following for additional information:

[Building Service Apps in Office 365](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/office365/howto/building-service-apps-in-office-365)
